Add Compatibility Section to Reference Page Prototype (#164)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/information-types/prototypes/reference.txt

explains a little about how the reference material is used, and may link
to a concept or task page.

Compatibility 
-------------

Optional. 

> A list of MongoDB deployment types that support the referenced method, operator, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of MongoDB editions that support the referenced method, operator, 
```
Suggestion/Question: Confused by the term "deployment type", is that the term we want to use? The Enterprise Advanced version and Community version of MongoDB are described as 'editions' on their landing page or title, respectively. Perhaps we could use 'edition' instead.

Author: Noted and updating!

> or database command: 

Reviewer 2: (suggestion)
Consider "... or database command. For example: ..."

- `MongoDB Atlas <https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/>`_: The fully managed service 
  for MongoDB deployments in the cloud

.. note:: 

>    If the command is supported on Atlas, specify whether it's available in all 

Reviewer 3: Suggestion:

A few suggestions:
1) I think this has been included on several pages that aren't necessarily focused on a specific command, so maybe it would be helpful to generalize.
2) I think listing the possibilities could limit the interpretation to which it might apply, so perhaps introducing it as an incomplete list could be helpful.
3) Since the possibilities are highly related, I think a bulleted list would be easier to read.

```suggestion
   If Atlas supports the command or functionality, specify a level of compatibility such as one of the following:
   
      - Available in all clusters
      - Available only in certain clusters
      ...
```

Author: Gotcha! Thanks for the suggestion.

   clusters, has limited support for some clusters, or is not available in 

>    specific clusters. If there are limitations to which clusters support the 

Reviewer 4: [Optional suggestion]

It might help to super briefly mention a concrete example here, like a command that can only be run on tier M10 or higher.

Author: Ah that's a great suggestion! I'll link to an example once https://github.com/10gen/docs-mongodb-internal/pull/5403 is published!

Author: Linked users to the `aggregate` command's Compatibility section!

   command, direct users to the 
   :atlas:`Unsupported Commands </unsupported-commands>` page.

- `MongoDB Community <https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community>`_: The 
  source-available, free-to-use, and self-managed version of MongoDB

- `MongoDB Enterprise <http://www.mongodb.com/products/mongodb-enterprise-advanced>`_: 

>   The subscription-based, self-managed version of MongoDB

Reviewer 3: Suggestion:

A couple suggestions:

1) I think Enterprise should be listed before Community since that would give it a better chance of being seen.

2) I think it would be helpful to identify whether this is the content that writers should use verbatim. Most prototype sections only describe the content or provide hypothetical examples rather than directly provide the content.

For driver docs, we've moved this [compatibility CTA to docs-shared](https://github.com/10gen/docs-shared/blob/main/dbx/atlas-connect-compatible-deployment.rst) so that we don't have to worry about reviewing/updating when included in an unrelated PR.

Author: In response to your first point, the list items here come from includes (at least in the server docs). To tie in your second note, I can point writers to these includes, as well as the drivers team's docs-shared CTA, in a tip below the list!

Reviewer 3: Looks good to me, thanks!
